# CS340

## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

To write a program that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable it is important add in-line comments to make it easy to tell what each part does and how it works. It is also important to take into account what kind of program you are creating and account for how future features will need to be implemented and make sure that the code is able to work with it. When it came to makeing the CRUD Python Module I was able to tell what would be added, but when it comes to creating other programs it may not be so clear and so it is important to understand what functionality is needed now and plan for what could be added or improved in the future. The module that I created could be used as is, but is also a good base to build upon since there are many other functions that have not yet been added. It is also a good reference for if I create any future programs and will be something useful to look back on.

## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

To approach things as a computer scientists it requires looking at what is needed and figuring out a creative method to get it to work. This requires knowing your tools and doing research to better learn how to utilize them. I know I definitly did a lot of research on how to work in MongoDB and there is still plenty more that I need to learn.

##What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

A computer scientist does a lot of research into the technologies they work on and a lot of troubleshooting. It is important as mentioned earlier to understand how these systems work and how to get them to do the things that are require by their users. In the scenario poseed in this class worked towards creating a dashboard that could be used by someone and a ReadMe that helps others learn a little bit about how it works and how they could make something similar. I think I could have done a bit of a better job by going into more detail.
